README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

updated readme and added a few files needed to update nft contract

README.md, after:

Polygon Testnet Network

Environment Variables needed -

ALCHEMY_POLYGON_KEY
ALCHEMY_POLYGON_MAINNET_URL = 'https://polygon-mainnet.g.alchemy.com/v2/'
POLYGON_TESTNET_CONTRACT_ADDRESS = '0x6ca02692FD98DB216E9475ECFA2A0b845857a807'
PRIVATE_KEY = signer's private key


In this project - 
- Connect your wallet with Metamask by clicking on the 'Connect Wallet' button
- Make sure your chain is set to Polygon Mumbai Testnet
Once connected you can see your balance and NFTs in your wallet in the dashbord
- Click on 'Mint an NFT' button to mint a test NFT in your wallet


To change contract -
- To Change contract name, change filename and contract name in file in ./api/contracts/MyNFT721.sol
- Run ```npx hardhat compile```
- Update contract name in deploy script - ./lib/deploy-721.js
- Deploy the new contract by running ```npx hardhat --network mumbai run scripts/deploy.js```
- Update the contract's ABI file import and the contract address in file mint-nft-721-polygon.js
- Update NFT data using [Pinata](https://app.pinata.cloud/)
	- Go to 'Files', click on 'Upload' to upload your image.
	- Update NFT attributes and image url in file ./lib/nft-metadata.json, and upload it to Pinata
- You can also create and sign the transcation - add the signing code block from [here](https://ethereum.org/ca/developers/tutorials/how-to-mint-an-nft/#create-txn)
- Run ```node scripts/mint-nft.js``` to deploy your NFT


Above steps are from this [tutorial](https://ethereum.org/ca/developers/tutorials/how-to-write-and-deploy-an-nft/)
